Add theming documentation. (#13)
EvoEsports/EvoSC-sharp-documentation: docs/development/modules/themes/usage.md

But if you need access to the theme options outside of Manialinks, the current theme option is also available through Dependency Injection.

### The Current Theme Object
The Current Theme Object contains all available options set by the current activated themes. It is a dynamic object and one can access the options by it's key name and replacing `.` with `_`.

For example, let's say we have a theme option called `MyModule.MyManialink.MyThemeOption`, to access the value of this option, you can retrieve it from the Current Theme Object like this:
```cs
var optionValue = Theme.MyModule_MyManialink_MyThemeOption;
// .. do something with it
```

### Using the `Theme` Global Manialink Variable
Accessing the Current Theme Object from a Manialink is quite simple. There is no set up required as it is available as a global variable.

So for example, if you want to set the color of a label, you can do something like this:
```xml
<label text="Hello!" textcolor="{{ Theme.HelloLabel.TextColor }}" />
```

## Customizing the Theme

> EvoSC# provides to ways to customizing the theme, from the user or developer view. For developers creating new custom themes, we recommend to check out the section on [Creating Themes](./creating-themes.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EvoSC# provides two ways to customizing the theme, from a user or developer perspective. For developers creating new custom themes, we recommend to check out the section on [Creating Themes](./creating-themes.md).
```
